source/includes/_customers.md, before:

# Customers

Customers represent individual customer accounts from which you wish to withdraw funds.

 Field  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
 id  | ID of the customer. 
 custom_identifier  | Your own unique customer identifier
 name  | Full name of customer
 email  | Customer email address
 customer_type  | Personal or Business
 home_phone  | Home phone number
 cell_phone  | Cell phone number
 bank_name  | Bank name
 institution_number  | Bank institution number for Canadian customers
 transit_number  | Bank transit number for Canadian customers
 routing_number | Bank routing number for American customers
 account_number  | Bank account number
 address  | Customer address
 transaction_schedules  | A list of transaction schedule objects describing the customer’s payment schedules
 financial_transactions  | A list of financial transactions that have occurred for a customer

## Get All Customers

```shell
curl "<rotessa_endpoint>/customers.json" -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\""
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```json
[
    {
        "active": true,
        "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
        "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
        "custom_identifier": "Mikey",
        "customer_type": "Personal",
        "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
        "home_phone": "(204) 555 4444",
        "id": 1,
        "identifier": "MikeSmith0001",
        "name": "Mike Smith",
        "phone": "(204) 555 5555",
        "updated_at": "2015-04-24T15:56:23.000-05:00"
    },
    {
        "active": true,
        "bank_name": "Royal Bank",
        "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
        "custom_identifier": "Suze-44",
        "customer_type": "Business",
        "email": "susan@test.com",
        "home_phone": "(204) 111 4321",
        "id": 2,
        "identifier": "SUSANJO0002",
        "name": "Susan Johnson",
        "phone": "(204) 111 1234",
        "updated_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00"
    }
]
```

This endpoint retrieves all customers.

### HTTP REQUEST

`GET https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`


<aside class="notice">
Remember — a happy customer is an authenticated customer!
</aside>

## Get a Specific Customer Based on Rotessa ID

```shell
curl "<rotessa_endpoint>/customers/<id>" -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\""
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 5,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "ON"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
    "custom_identifier": "Mikey",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": "(204) 555 5555",
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "Mikey",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": "(204) 555 4444",
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00"
}
```

```united_states

```

This endpoint retrieves a specific customer.

<aside class="notice">
If you’re not using an administrator API key, note that some customers will return 403 Forbidden if they are hidden for admins only.
</aside>

### HTTP REQUEST

`GET https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers/<ID>.json`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
ID  | The ID of the customer to retrieve


## Get a Specific Customer Based on Custom Identifier

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "MIKEY"}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/show_with_custom_identifier.json | python -m json.tool
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": null,
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 5,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "ON"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
    "custom_identifier": "Mikey",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": "(204) 555 5555",
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MikeSmith0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": "(204) 555 4444",
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00"
}
```

```united_states

```

This endpoint retrieves a specific customer based on a pre-assigned custom_identifier.

<aside class="notice">
If you’re not using an administrator API key, note that some customers will return 403 Forbidden if they are hidden for admins only.
</aside>

### HTTP REQUEST

`GET https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers/show_with_custom_identifier.json`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
custom_identifier | The ID of the customer to retrieve

## Create A Customer

```canadian
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "newID111", "email": "mikesmith@test.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "transit_number": "11111", "institution_number": "111", "account_number": "11111111", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Toronto", "province_code": "ON", "postal_code": "M1B 0B7" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers.json
```

```united_states
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "test api", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "routing_number": "111111111", "account_number": "11111111", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Birmingham", "province_code": "AL", "postal_code": "36016" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers.json
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 114397,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "ON"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "mike api test",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

```united_states
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Birmingham",
        "id": 114397,
        "postal_code": "36016",
        "province_code": "AL"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "mike api test",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

This endpoint creates a new customer

### HTTP REQUEST
`POST https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`

### POST PARAMETERS

Parameter | Default | Description
 ------------- | ------------- | -------------
name | - | Full name of customer
custom_identifier | - | Your own customer identifier. Must be unique.
email | - | Email address
home_phone | - | Home phone number
cell_phone | - | Cell phone number
bank_name | - | Bank name of customer
institution_number | - | Bank institution number for Canadian customers
transit_number | - | Bank transit number for Canadian customers
routing_number | - | Routing number for American customers
account_number | - | Bank account number
address | - | Customer address parameters
customer_type | - | Personal or Business

## Update A Customer via PATCH

```canadian
curl -X PATCH -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "MIKEY", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "transit_number": "11111", "institution_number": "333", "account_number": "23123132", "customer_type": "Personal", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Toronto", "province_code": "QC", "postal_code": "M1B 0B7" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/<id>.json
```

```united_states
curl -X PATCH -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "MIKEY", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "routing_number": "111111111", "account_number": "23123132", "customer_type": "Personal", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Birmingham", "province_code": "AL", "postal_code": "36016" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/<id>.json
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "QC"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "MIKEY",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
    	{
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

```united_states
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Birmingham",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "36016",
        "province_code": "AL"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "MIKEY",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
        {
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

This endpoint creates a new customer

### HTTP REQUEST

`POST https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
ID | The ID of the customer to retrieve

## Update A Customer via PST

```canadian
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"id": 1, "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "MADE WITH API 4040", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "transit_number": "11111", "institution_number": "333", "account_number": "23123132", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Toronto", "province_code": "QC", "postal_code": "M1B 0B7" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/update_via_post.json | python -m json.tool
```

```united_states
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"id": 1, "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "MADE WITH API 4040", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "routing_number": "111111111", "account_number": "23123132", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Birmingham", "province_code": "AL", "postal_code": "36016" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/update_via_post.json | python -m json.tool
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "QC"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
        {
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

```united_states
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Birmingham",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "36016",
        "province_code": "AL"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
        {
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

This endpoint creates a new customer

### HTTP REQUEST

`POST https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
ID | The ID of the customer to retrieve

Commit message:

add notice of custom_identifier

source/includes/_customers.md, after:

# Customers

Customers represent individual customer accounts from which you wish to withdraw funds.

 Field  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
 id  | ID of the customer. 
 custom_identifier  | Your own unique customer identifier
 name  | Full name of customer
 email  | Customer email address
 customer_type  | Personal or Business
 home_phone  | Home phone number
 cell_phone  | Cell phone number
 bank_name  | Bank name
 institution_number  | Bank institution number for Canadian customers
 transit_number  | Bank transit number for Canadian customers
 routing_number | Bank routing number for American customers
 account_number  | Bank account number
 address  | Customer address
 transaction_schedules  | A list of transaction schedule objects describing the customer’s payment schedules
 financial_transactions  | A list of financial transactions that have occurred for a customer

## Get All Customers

```shell
curl "<rotessa_endpoint>/customers.json" -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\""
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```json
[
    {
        "active": true,
        "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
        "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
        "custom_identifier": "Mikey",
        "customer_type": "Personal",
        "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
        "home_phone": "(204) 555 4444",
        "id": 1,
        "identifier": "MikeSmith0001",
        "name": "Mike Smith",
        "phone": "(204) 555 5555",
        "updated_at": "2015-04-24T15:56:23.000-05:00"
    },
    {
        "active": true,
        "bank_name": "Royal Bank",
        "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
        "custom_identifier": "Suze-44",
        "customer_type": "Business",
        "email": "susan@test.com",
        "home_phone": "(204) 111 4321",
        "id": 2,
        "identifier": "SUSANJO0002",
        "name": "Susan Johnson",
        "phone": "(204) 111 1234",
        "updated_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00"
    }
]
```

This endpoint retrieves all customers.

### HTTP REQUEST

`GET https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`


<aside class="notice">
Remember — a happy customer is an authenticated customer!
</aside>

## Get a Specific Customer Based on Rotessa ID

```shell
curl "<rotessa_endpoint>/customers/<id>" -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\""
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 5,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "ON"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
    "custom_identifier": "Mikey",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": "(204) 555 5555",
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "Mikey",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": "(204) 555 4444",
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00"
}
```

```united_states

```

This endpoint retrieves a specific customer.

<aside class="notice">
If you’re not using an administrator API key, note that some customers will return 403 Forbidden if they are hidden for admins only.
</aside>

### HTTP REQUEST

`GET https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers/<ID>.json`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
ID  | The ID of the customer to retrieve


## Get a Specific Customer Based on Custom Identifier

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "MIKEY"}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/show_with_custom_identifier.json | python -m json.tool
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": null,
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 5,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "ON"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00",
    "custom_identifier": "Mikey",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": "(204) 555 5555",
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MikeSmith0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": "(204) 555 4444",
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-02-10T23:50:45.000-06:00"
}
```

```united_states

```

This endpoint retrieves a specific customer based on a pre-assigned custom_identifier.

<aside class="notice">
If you’re not using an administrator API key, note that some customers will return 403 Forbidden if they are hidden for admins only.
</aside>

### HTTP REQUEST

`GET https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers/show_with_custom_identifier.json`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
custom_identifier | The ID of the customer to retrieve

## Create A Customer

```canadian
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "newID111", "email": "mikesmith@test.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "transit_number": "11111", "institution_number": "111", "account_number": "11111111", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Toronto", "province_code": "ON", "postal_code": "M1B 0B7" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers.json
```

```united_states
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "test api", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "routing_number": "111111111", "account_number": "11111111", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Birmingham", "province_code": "AL", "postal_code": "36016" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers.json
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 114397,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "ON"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "mike api test",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

```united_states
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Birmingham",
        "id": 114397,
        "postal_code": "36016",
        "province_code": "AL"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "mike api test",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "mikesmith@test.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

This endpoint creates a new customer

### HTTP REQUEST
`POST https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`

### POST PARAMETERS

Parameter | Default | Description
 ------------- | ------------- | -------------
name | - | Full name of customer
custom_identifier | - | Your own customer identifier. Must be unique.
email | - | Email address
home_phone | - | Home phone number
cell_phone | - | Cell phone number
bank_name | - | Bank name of customer
institution_number | - | Bank institution number for Canadian customers
transit_number | - | Bank transit number for Canadian customers
routing_number | - | Routing number for American customers
account_number | - | Bank account number
address | - | Customer address parameters
customer_type | - | Personal or Business

<aside class="notice">
The <code>custom_identifier</code> field can be excluded, in which case it will be set to <code>null</code>.
</aside>

## Update A Customer via PATCH

```canadian
curl -X PATCH -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "MIKEY", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "transit_number": "11111", "institution_number": "333", "account_number": "23123132", "customer_type": "Personal", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Toronto", "province_code": "QC", "postal_code": "M1B 0B7" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/<id>.json
```

```united_states
curl -X PATCH -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"custom_identifier": "MIKEY", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "Mike Smith", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "routing_number": "111111111", "account_number": "23123132", "customer_type": "Personal", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Birmingham", "province_code": "AL", "postal_code": "36016" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/<id>.json
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "QC"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "MIKEY",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
    	{
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

```united_states
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Birmingham",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "36016",
        "province_code": "AL"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "MIKEY",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
        {
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

This endpoint creates a new customer

### HTTP REQUEST

`POST https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
ID | The ID of the customer to retrieve

## Update A Customer via PST

```canadian
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"id": 1, "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "MADE WITH API 4040", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "transit_number": "11111", "institution_number": "333", "account_number": "23123132", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Toronto", "province_code": "QC", "postal_code": "M1B 0B7" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/update_via_post.json | python -m json.tool
```

```united_states
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H "Authorization: Token token=\"<api_key>\"" -d '{"id": 1, "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier", "email": "test@rotessa.com", "name": "MADE WITH API 4040", "bank_name": "Scotiabank", "routing_number": "111111111", "account_number": "23123132", "address": { "address_1": "123 Main Street", "address_2": "Unit 4", "city": "Birmingham", "province_code": "AL", "postal_code": "36016" }}' <rotessa_endpoint>/customers/update_via_post.json | python -m json.tool
```

> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```canadian
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Toronto",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "M1B 0B7",
        "province_code": "QC"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
        {
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

```united_states
{
    "active": true,
    "address": {
        "address_1": "123 Main Street",
        "address_2": "Unit 4",
        "city": "Birmingham",
        "id": 114392,
        "postal_code": "36016",
        "province_code": "AL"
    },
    "bank_name": "Scotiabank",
    "created_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00",
    "custom_identifier": "new custom identifier",
    "customer_type": "Personal",
    "email": "test@rotessa.com",
    "financial_transactions": [],
    "home_phone": null,
    "id": 1,
    "identifier": "MIKESMIT0001",
    "name": "Mike Smith",
    "phone": null,
    "transaction_schedules": [
        {
            "amount": "123.00",
            "comment": "",
            "created_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00",
            "frequency": "Once",
            "id": 333215,
            "installments": 1,
            "next_process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "process_date": "2019-04-16",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-16T14:40:38.000-05:00"
        }
    ],
    "updated_at": "2015-05-18T12:23:58.739-05:00"
}
```

This endpoint creates a new customer

### HTTP REQUEST

`POST https://api.rotessa.com/v1/customers`

### URL PARAMETERS

Parameter  | Description 
 ------------- | ------------- 
ID | The ID of the customer to retrieve
