source/includes/_errors.md, before:

# Errors

>Errors are structured in the following format:

```json
{
  "errors": [
    {
      "error_code": "installments_required",
      "error_message": "Installments value must be at least 1."
    },
    {
      "error_code": "process_date_timing",
      "error_message": "Process date must be at least 2 business days in the future."
    }
  ]
}
```

### ERROR FORMAT

Errors are returned from Rotessa in the form of a list of values in the `errors` key of response. Each error has an `error_code` and `error_message`, corresponding to the type of error that has occurred.

### HTTP RESPONSE CODES

The Rotessa API uses the following http error codes:

Error Code | Meaning
---------- | -------
400 | Bad Request – Your request includes invalid parameters
401 | Unauthorized – Your API key is not valid or is missing
404 | Not Found – The specified resource could not be found
406 | Not Acceptable – You requested a format that isn’t json
422 | Unprocessable Entity – Your request results in invalid data
500 | Internal Server Error -- We had a problem with our server. Try again later.
503 | Service Unavailable -- We're temporarily offline for maintenance. Please try again later.

Commit message:

update to newest version of slate

source/includes/_errors.md, after:

# Errors

<aside class="notice">
This error section is stored in a separate file in <code>includes/_errors.md</code>. Slate allows you to optionally separate out your docs into many files...just save them to the <code>includes</code> folder and add them to the top of your <code>index.md</code>'s frontmatter. Files are included in the order listed.
</aside>

The Kittn API uses the following error codes:


Error Code | Meaning
---------- | -------
400 | Bad Request -- Your request is invalid.
401 | Unauthorized -- Your API key is wrong.
403 | Forbidden -- The kitten requested is hidden for administrators only.
404 | Not Found -- The specified kitten could not be found.
405 | Method Not Allowed -- You tried to access a kitten with an invalid method.
406 | Not Acceptable -- You requested a format that isn't json.
410 | Gone -- The kitten requested has been removed from our servers.
418 | I'm a teapot.
429 | Too Many Requests -- You're requesting too many kittens! Slow down!
500 | Internal Server Error -- We had a problem with our server. Try again later.
503 | Service Unavailable -- We're temporarily offline for maintenance. Please try again later.
